Learning Java Functional Programming;Application Development;43.99;296;https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/learning-java-functional-programming%0A;Functional programming is an increasingly popular technology that allows you to simplify many tasks that are often cumbersome and awkward using an object-oriented approach. It is important to understand this approach and know how and when to apply it. Functional programming requires a different mindset, but once mastered it can be very rewarding. This book simplifies the learning process as a problem is described followed by its implementation using an object-oriented approach and then a solution is provided using appropriate functional programming techniques. Writing succinct and maintainable code is facilitated by many functional programming techniques including lambda expressions and streams. In this book, you will see numerous examples of how these techniques can be applied starting with an introduction to lambda expressions. Next, you will see how they can replace older approaches and be combined to achieve surprisingly elegant solutions to problems. This is followed by the investigation of related concepts such as the Optional class and monads, which offer an additional approach to handle problems. Design patterns have been instrumental in solving common problems. You will learn how these are enhanced with functional techniques. To transition from an object-oriented approach to a functional one, it is useful to have IDE support. IDE tools to refactor, debug, and test functional programs are demonstrated through the chapters. The end of the book brings together many of these functional programming techniques to create a more comprehensive application. You will find this book a very useful resource to learn and apply functional programming techniques in Java.
Java Deep Learning Essentials;Big Data & Business Intelligence;39.99;254;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/java-deep-learning-essentials%0A;AI and Deep Learning are transforming the way we understand software, making computers more intelligent than we could even imagine just a decade ago. Deep Learning algorithms are being used across a broad range of industries – as the fundamental driver of AI, being able to tackle Deep Learning is going to a vital and valuable skill not only within the tech world but also for the wider global economy that depends upon knowledge and insight for growth and success. It’s something that’s moving beyond the realm of data science – if you’re a Java developer, this book gives you a great opportunity to expand your skillset. Starting with an introduction to basic machine learning algorithms, to give you a solid foundation, Deep Learning with Java takes you further into this vital world of stunning predictive insights and remarkable machine intelligence. Once you’ve got to grips with the fundamental mathematical principles, you’ll start exploring neural networks and identify how to tackle challenges in large networks using advanced algorithms. You will learn how to use the DL4J library and apply Deep Learning to a range of real-world use cases. Featuring further guidance and insights to help you solve challenging problems in image processing, speech recognition, language modeling, this book will make you rethink what you can do with Java, showing you how to use it for truly cutting-edge predictive insights. As a bonus, you’ll also be able to get to grips with Theano and Caffe, two of the most important tools in Deep Learning today. By the end of the book, you’ll be ready to tackle Deep Learning with Java. Wherever you’ve come from – whether you’re a data scientist or Java developer – you will become a part of the Deep Learning revolution!
Learning Data Mining with Python - Second Edition;Big Data & Business Intelligence;35.99;413;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/learning-data-mining-python-second-edition%0A;The next step in the information age is to gain insights from the deluge of data coming our way. Data mining provides a way of finding these insights, and Python is one of the most popular languages for data mining, providing both power and flexibility in analysis. This book teaches you to design and develop data mining applications using a variety of datasets, starting with basic classification and affinity analysis. There is a rich and varied set of libraries available in Python for data mining. This book covers a large number of these libraries, including the IPython Notebook, pandas, scikit-learn, and NLTK. You will also get hands-on experience with a text mining exercise, and see its importance in usage of modern internet. Next, we move on to more complex data types including text, images, and graphs. In every chapter, we create models that solve real-world problems. Further on, you will also discover object detection using Deep Neural Networks, which is one of the big, difficult areas of machine learning right now. With restructured examples and code samples updated for the latest edition of Python, each chapter of this book introduces you to new algorithms and techniques. By the end of the book, you will have great insights into using Python for data mining, and a good knowledge and understanding of the algorithms and implementations.
Building Machine Learning Systems with Python - Second Edition;Big Data & Business Intelligence;39.99;326;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/building-machine-learning-systems-python-second-edition%0A;Using machine learning to gain deeper insights from data is a key skill required by modern application developers and analysts alike. Python is a wonderful language to develop machine learning applications. As a dynamic language, it allows for fast exploration and experimentation. With its excellent collection of open source machine learning libraries you can focus on the task at hand while being able to quickly try out many ideas. This book shows you exactly how to find patterns in your raw data. You will start by brushing up on your Python machine learning knowledge and introducing libraries. You’ll quickly get to grips with serious, real-world projects on datasets, using modeling, creating recommendation systems. Later on, the book covers advanced topics such as topic modeling, basket analysis, and cloud computing. These will extend your abilities and enable you to create large complex systems. With this book, you gain the tools and understanding required to build your own systems, tailored to solve your real-world data analysis problems.
Practical Responsive Typography;Web Development;23.99;218;https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/practical-responsive-typography%0A;Typography is an essential part of any website’s design. It can help you stand out from the crowd, communicate with clarity, and cultivate a distinctive identity. Practical Responsive Typography demonstrates how to use typography to greatest effect. With this book you won't underestimate it's importance - you'll be in complete control over this crucial component of web design. From scaling and optimizing screen spaces to using a range of different web fonts, you'll quickly get up to speed with the practical considerations behind successful typography. But more than the fundamentals, you'll also find out how to go further by customizing typography designs to suit your identity.
Drools JBoss Rules 5.X Developer’s Guide;Application Development;29.99;338;https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/drools-jboss-rules-5x-developer%E2%80%99s-guide%0A;Writing business rules has always been a challenging task. Business rules tend to change often leading to a maintenance nightmare. This book shows you various ways to code your business rules using Drools, the open source Business Rules Management System. Drools JBoss Rules 5.X Developer’s Guide shows various features of the Drools platform by walking the reader through several real-world examples. Each chapter elaborates on different aspects of the Drools platform. The reader will also learn about the inner workings of Drools and its implementation of the Rete algorithm. The book starts with explaining rule basics, then builds on this information by going through various areas like human readable rules, rules for validation, and stateful rules, using examples from the banking domain. A loan approval process example shows the use of the jBPM module. Parts of a banking fraud detection system are implemented with the Drools Fusion module which is the complex event processing part of Drools. Finally, more technical details are shown detailing the inner workings of Drools, the implementation of the ReteOO algorithm, indexing, node sharing, and partitioning.
Learning C for Arduino;Networking & Servers;35.99;378;https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/learning-c-arduino%0A;
Continuous Delivery and DevOps: A Quickstart guide;Virtualization & Cloud;14.99;154;https://www.packtpub.com/virtualization-and-cloud/continuous-delivery-and-devops-quickstart-guide%0A;For a while now, there has been a buzz around the IT industry regarding continuous delivery and DevOps. This book will provide you with some background information into these two new kids on the block and how they can help you to optimize, streamline and improve the way you work and ultimately how you ship quality software.  "Continuous Delivery and DevOps: A Quickstart guide" will provide you with a clear and concise insight into what continuous delivery and DevOps are all about, how to go about preparing for and implementing them and what quantifiable business value they bring. Included within are some tricks and trips based upon real world experiences which may help you reduce the time and effort needed if you were to go it alone. In this book, you will be taken through a journey of discovery starting with real world successes, how you should prepare, plan for and implement CD and DevOps and what the pitfalls are along the way We will start looking at the evolution of a typical software house from fledgling start-up through the growing pains that comes with global success to a best of both worlds. We’ll delve into the many aspects of what they did to complete this evolution covering topics such as how they realized there was a problem to solve, how they set about preparing for and implementing continuous delivery and DevOps and what tools, techniques and approaches they used along the way – some technical and some not so. If you work within an organization that delivers software, you will be able to plot where you are on the evolutionary scale, understand where you need to do to be more effective, cherry pick the tools, techniques and approaches that work for you and realize the best of both worlds. "Continuous Delivery and DevOps: A Quickstart guide" will provide you with the background and information you need to realize the benefits within your own business
Raspberry Pi Projects for Kids - Second Edition;Hardware & Creative;19.99;146;https://www.packtpub.com/hardware-and-creative/raspberry-pi-projects-kids-second-edition%0A;The Raspberry Pi is a single-board mini computer designed to get more people (particularly children) interested in computer programming. It aims to make programming tools and educational programs as accessible as possible, making it very easy to get started with. This book will guide you through six fun projects that show how programming can be used to be creative. Each project has clear step-by-step instructions and explanations helping children grasp the concepts easily. You will start by setting up the Raspberry Pi and get to grips with the Scratch programming language to create simple animations. Gain and put to use your understanding of Python to write simple yet useful programs. Create and play a physical game by connecting it to the Raspberry Pi en route to become aware of a number of other possible uses for a very similar circuit/program. Finally, with an understanding of Sonic Pi, you will create your own music.
Object-Oriented JavaScript - Second Edition;Web Development;29.99;382;https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/object-oriented-javascript-second-edition%0A;JavaScript is the behavior, the third pillar in today's paradigm that looks at web pages as something that consists of clearly distinguishable parts: content (HTML), presentation (CSS) and behavior (JavaScript). Using JavaScript, you can create not only web pages but also desktop widgets, browser and application extensions, and other pieces of software. It's a pretty good deal: you learn one language and then code all kinds of different applications. While there's one chapter specifically dedicated to the web browser environment including DOM, Events and AJAX tutorials, the rest is applicable to the other environments Many web developers have tried coding or adopting some bits of JavaScript, but it is time to "man up" and learn the language properly because it is the language of the browser and is, virtually, everywhere. This book starts from zero, not assuming any prior JavaScript programming knowledge and takes you through all the in-depth and exciting futures hidden behind the facade.  Once listed in the "nice to have" sections of job postings, these days the knowledge of JavaScript is a deciding factor when it comes to hiring web developers. After reading this book you'll be prepared to ace your JavaScript job interview and even impress with some bits that the interviewer maybe didn't know. You should read this book if you want to be able to take your JavaScript skills to a new level of sophistication.
Raspberry Pi for Python Programmers Cookbook - Second Edition;Hardware & Creative;35.99;510;https://www.packtpub.com/hardware-and-creative/raspberry-pi-python-programmers-cookbook-second-edition%0A;Raspberry Pi cookbook for Python Programmers is a practical guide for getting the most out of this little computer. This book begins by guiding you through setting up the Raspberry Pi, performing tasks using Python 3 and introduces the first steps to interface with electronics. As you work through each chapter you will build up your skills and knowledge and apply them as you progress throughout the book, delving further and further into the unique abilities and features of the Raspberry Pi. Later, you will learn how to automate tasks by accessing files, build applications using the popular Tkinter library and create games by controlling graphics on screen. You will harness the power of the built-in graphics processor by using Pi3D to generate your own high quality 3D graphics and environments. Connect directly to the Raspberry Pi’s hardware pins to control electronics from switching on LEDs and responding to push buttons right through to driving motors and servos. Learn how to monitor sensors to gather real life data and to use it to control other devices, and view the results over the Internet. Apply what you have learnt by creating your own Pi-Rover or Pi-Hexipod robots. Finally, we will explore using many of the purpose built add-ons available for the Raspberry Pi, as well as interfacing with common household devices in new ways.
Python Machine Learning Blueprints: Intuitive data projects you can relate to;Big Data & Business Intelligence;39.99;332;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/python-machine-learning-blueprints-intuitive-data-projects-you-ca%0A;Machine Learning is transforming the way we understand and interact with the world around us. But how much do you really understand it? How confident are you interacting with the tools and models that drive it? Python Machine Learning Blueprints puts your skills and knowledge to the test, guiding you through the development of some awesome machine learning applications and algorithms with real-world examples that demonstrate how to put concepts into practice. You’ll learn how to use cluster techniques to discover bargain air fares, and apply linear regression to find yourself a cheap apartment – and much more. Everything you learn is backed by a real-world example, whether its data manipulation or statistical modelling. That way you’re never left floundering in theory – you’ll be simply collecting and analyzing data in a way that makes a real impact.
The Complete Guide to Node.js [Video];Web Development;63.75;4 hours 47 minute;https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/complete-guide-nodejs-video%0A;We will be covering how to use Node.js to build websites. This course will focus primarily on Express as the framework that the website will be built in. In addition to Express, we will cover using Redis and Socket.io to make more robust and dynamic sites. Many courses only focus on one of these, but this course will cover all of them. A step-by-step approach in take someone who has never even seen Node.js before and make them very comfortable when writing code in Node.js. This will cover modules and paradigms in use in Node.js. Finally we will look at the most used web frameworks for Node.js, Express.
Xamarin Cross-Platform Development Cookbook;Application Development;35.99;416;https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/xamarin-cross-platform-development-cookbook%0A;You can create native mobile applications using the Xamarin Forms platform for the three major platforms iOS, Android, and Windows Phone. The advantage of this is sharing as much code as you can, such as the UI, business logic, data models, SQLite data access, HTTP data access, and file storage across the three major platforms. This book provide recipes on how to create an architecture that will be maintainable, extendable, use Xamarin Forms plugins to boost productivity, customize your views per platforms, and use platform-specific implementations at runtime. We start with a simple creation of a Xamarin Forms solution with the three major platforms. We will then jump to XAML recipes and you will learn how to create a tabbed application page, and customize the style and behavior of views for each platform. Moving on, you will acquire more advanced knowledge and techniques while implementing views and pages for each platform and also calling native UI screens such as the native camera page. Further on, we demonstrate the power of architecting a cross-platform solution and how to share code between platforms, create abstractions, and inject platform-specific implementations. Next, you will utilize and access hardware features that vary from platform to platform with cross-platform techniques. Well then show you the power of databinding offered by Xamarin Forms and how you can create bindable models and use them in XAML. You will learn how to handle user interactions with the device and take actions in particular events. With all the work done and your application ready, you will master the steps of getting the app ready and publishing it in the app store.
Practical Data Analysis - Second Edition;Big Data & Business Intelligence;39.99;338;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/practical-data-analysis-second-edition%0A;Beyond buzzwords like Big Data or Data Science, there are a great opportunities to innovate in many businesses using data analysis to get data-driven products. Data analysis involves asking many questions about data in order to discover insights and generate value for a product or a service. This book explains the basic data algorithms without the theoretical jargon, and you’ll get hands-on turning data into insights using machine learning techniques. We will perform data-driven innovation processing for several types of data such as text, Images, social network graphs, documents, and time series, showing you how to implement large data processing with MongoDB and Apache Spark.
Neural Network Programming with Java - Second Edition;Big Data & Business Intelligence;35.99;269;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/neural-network-programming-java-second-edition%0A;Want to discover the current state-of-art in the field of neural networks that will let you understand and design new strategies to apply to more complex problems? This book takes you on a complete walkthrough of the process of developing basic to advanced practical examples based on neural networks with Java, giving you everything you need to stand out. You will first learn the basics of neural networks and their process of learning. We then focus on what Perceptrons are and their features. Next, you will implement self-organizing maps using practical examples. Further on, you will learn about some of the applications that are presented in this book such as weather forecasting, disease diagnosis, customer profiling, generalization, extreme machine learning, and characters recognition (OCR). Finally, you will learn methods to optimize and adapt neural networks in real time. All the examples generated in the book are provided in the form of illustrative source code, which merges object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts and neural network features to enhance your learning experience.
C Programming for Arduino;Hardware & Creative;29.99;512;https://www.packtpub.com/hardware-and-creative/c-programming-arduino%0A;Physical computing allows us to build interactive physical systems by using software & hardware in order to sense and respond to the real world. C Programming for Arduino will show you how to harness powerful capabilities like sensing, feedbacks, programming and even wiring and developing your own autonomous systems. C Programming for Arduino contains everything you need to directly start wiring and coding your own electronic project. You’ll learn C and how to code several types of firmware for your Arduino, and then move on to design small typical systems to understand how handling buttons, leds, LCD, network modules and much more. After running through C/C++ for the Arduino, you'll learn how to control your software by using real buttons and distance sensors and even discover how you can use your Arduino with the Processing framework so that they work in unison. Advanced coverage includes using Wi-Fi networks and batteries to make your Arduino-based hardware more mobile and flexible without wires. If you want to learn how to build your own electronic devices with powerful open-source technology, then this book is for you.
Python: Step into the World of Machine Learning;Big Data & Business Intelligence;106.25;None;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/python-step-world-machine-learning%0A;
Learning Docker - Second Edition;Networking & Servers;39.99;276;https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/learning-docker-second-edition%0A;Docker is an open source containerization engine that offers a simple and faster way for developing and running software. Docker containers wrap software in a complete filesystem that contains everything it needs to run, enabling any application to be run anywhere – this flexibily and portabily means that you can run apps in the cloud, on virtual machines, or on dedicated servers. This book will give you a tour of the new features of Docker and help you get started with Docker by building and deploying a simple application. It will walk you through the commands required to manage Docker images and containers. You’ll be shown how to download new images, run containers, list the containers running on the Docker host, and kill them. You’ll learn how to leverage Docker’s volumes feature to share data between the Docker host and its containers – this data management feature is also useful for persistent data. This book also covers how to orchestrate containers using Docker compose, debug containers, and secure containers using the AppArmor and SELinux security modules.
Getting Started with Unity 2D Game Development [Video];Game Development;106.25;1 hour 56 Minutes;https://www.packtpub.com/game-development/getting-started-unity-2d-game-development%0A;This video will help you build 2D games in Unity using the engine's 2D technologies based on Version 5.x. You will be shown how to get up-and-running with Unity 5.4.1, including the basic steps to choose the appropriate edition and install the software. You will also be shown how to find older versions of Unity and learn about the key differences compared to previous versions. To start with, you will learn the introductory information needed to work in Unity 2D game development. The video describes the process of setting up a project in 2D mode, covers the use of 2D sprites, discusses ways to access 2D objects via code, and explains the basics of the User Interface. It then covers the very first game genre—text adventure—and you will go on to create an example of this with the various elements discussed earlier in the chapter. Once you reach the end and have produced a text adventure game, you can go back to the challenges included in each chapter and use them to improve the game and your 2D game development skills! This video takes a step-by-step, practical, tutorial-style approach. The steps are accompanied by examples, and all the intermediate steps are clearly explained. The focus of this video is on advanced topics so that your game looks awesome and performs efficiently.
Getting Started with Machine Learning with R [Video];Big Data & Business Intelligence;106.25;1 hours and 20 minutes;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/getting-started-machine-learning-r-video%0A;
Android 5 Programming by Example;Application Development;35.99;212;https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/android-5-programming-example%0A;Android is a mobile operating system that runs on a staggering number of smart phones and tablets. Android offers developers the ability to build rich and innovative applications written using the Java programming language. Beginning with detailed instructions on how to install and configure the Android SDK, Studio, and Virtual Device Manager, the book moves on to creating a simple, but working, "Hello World" app that can be run on a real device or emulator. The book then moves on to layouts and the visual design of Lollipop apps. A new app is begun to demonstrate this and expanded as we move further, and, once material design has been introduced, the book moves on to the Java coding aspect and how to write code that responds to user interactions via callback methods such as touchscreen gesture listeners. No book on Lollipop APIs would be complete without explaining how the new Android TV, Wear, and Auto SDK tools work and how they can be utilized to either create new apps or convert those originally written for other platforms. The book concludes by demonstrating how to package and deploy your finished app on the Google Play store.
Getting Started with Unity 5.x 2D Game Development;Game Development;35.99;478;https://www.packtpub.com/game-development/getting-started-unity-5x-2d-game-development%0A;Want to get started in the world of 2D game development with Unity? This book will take your hand and guide you through this amazing journey to let you know exactly what you need to build the games you want to build, without sacrificing quality. You will build a solid understanding of Unity 5.x, by focusing with the embedded tools to develop 2D games. In learning about these, along with accurate explanations and practical examples, you will design, develop, learn how to market and publish a delectable Tower Defense game about cupcakes versus pandas. Each chapter in this book is structured to give you a full understanding on a specific aspect of the workflow pipeline. Each of these aspects are essential for developing games in Unity. In a step-by-step approach, you will learn about each of the following phases: Game Design, Asset Importing, Scripting, User Interfaces, Animations, Physics, Artificial Intelligence, Gameplay Programming, Polishing and Improving, Marketing, Publishing and much more. This book provides you with exercises and homework at the end of each chapter so that you can level up your skills as a Unity game developer. In addition, each of these parts are centered on a common point of discussion with other learners just like you. Therefore, by sharing your ideas with other people you will not only develop your skills but you will also build a network.
Instant Heat Maps in R How-to;Big Data & Business Intelligence;14.99;72;https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/instant-heat-maps-r-how-instant%0A;R has grown rapidly over the years to become one of the most versatile and valuable tools for data analysis and graphing. One of its many useful features is the heat map representation of numerical data, which is an invaluable tool to discover patterns in data quickly and efficiently. Instant Heat Maps in R How-to provides you with practical recipes to create heat maps of all difficulty levels by yourself right from the start. At the end of each recipe, you will find an in-depth analysis that will equip you with everything you need to know to frame the code to your own needs. Instant Heat Maps in R will present you with all the different heat map plotting functions that exist in R. You will start by creating simple heat maps before moving on to learn how to add more features to them. While you advance step-by-step through the well-connected recipes, you will find out which tool suits the given situation best. You will learn how to read data from popular file formats and how to format the data to create heat maps as well as the ways to export them for presentation.
Joomla! 1.5x Customization: Make Your Site Adapt to Your Needs;Web Development;26.99;288;https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/joomla-15x-customization-make-your-site-adapt-your-needs%0A;Setting up a basic Joomla! Web site is easy; what comes next is hard and expensive – making the site do exactly what and look exactly how you want. With this book in hand, it is easy to adapt your site to bring your vision fully to life. This book will help you to separate your site from the crowd of other Joomla! sites without having to invest in developers. It will guide you through how to customize different parts and aspects of your site and will also show you how to turn your site into a profitable business via these customizations. You will be able to build a successful, professional web site that will adapt to all your business needs. You will be taken beyond the basics of Joomla!, and given an insight into the techniques and tools used by the professionals to rapidly develop unique, custom sites. This will enable you to develop your own professional-quality Joomla! site without assistance, saving you time and money. You will learn how modules, plugins, components, and templates are constructed, and how to make changes in them, giving you the confidence to make more elaborate changes to your site. On top of this will be a look at common problems Joomla! site developers face and how best to deal with them. You will also learn techniques for building a business with Joomla!, as you step through building a subscription-based web business. Towards the end, you will look at marketing and monetizing this business fully to maximize your return.
Migrating to Angular 2 – Second Edition [Video];Web Development;106.25;1 hours 33 minute;https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/migrating-angular-2-%E2%80%93-second-edition-video%0A;Angular 2 is a technical and conceptual overhaul of its hugely popular predecessor, AngularJS. This means that for developers who have built and maintained applications with AngularJS, and need to transition projects across to Angular 2, there needs to be an effective plan of action. Implementing a migration path for projects has been a major talking point in itself leading up to the release of Angular 2, and a critical concern for developer teams transitioning code across to take advantage of the new framework. Angular is a complete solution for rapid front-end development. No other plugins or frameworks are necessary to build a data-driven web application. This course demonstrates how to apply an effective migration plan for transitioning Angular 1.x projects to Angular 2. Opening with an introduction to the major changes and additions brought by the new framework, we quickly scope out a plan to a migrate a sample weather application from its original Angular 1.x code base. We then explain how to migrate blocks of code incrementally, as opposed to porting code in bulk, and give you a brief introduction to Typescript and ECMAScript 6. Throughout we’ll show you how to gradually deprecate $scope, upgrade services, work with the component router, transition forms, and more. By completion of this course, you will be rapidly up to speed with the fundamental building blocks of Angular 2 development, and fully capable (and confident) transitioning existing Angular 1.x projects to the new environment, ready to explore everything the new Angular has to offer. This course is focused and practical, and demonstrates how to migrate an example application from Angular 1.x to Angular 2. For developers who want real world advice on how to upgrade Angular projects this delivers tangible examples with best practices approved by the Angular core team, in a fast, digestible way.
Creative Greenfoot;Game Development;35.99;310;https://www.packtpub.com/hardware-and-creative/creative-greenfoot%0A;The worlds of computers and art are merging in new and complex ways. Greenfoot is designed to ease the transition into this immerging field, allowing for the easy development of two-dimensional graphical applications, such as simulations and interactive games. This book provides you with the knowledge and processes necessary to create engaging interactive applications in Greenfoot. It systematically covers essential technologies and algorithms used in creative programming, such as collision detection, easing, and particle effects. You will not only learn to use best practices, but also learn about how these practices were developed and how to augment them to suit your individual needs. After learning the ins and outs of designing and implementing interactive applications, you will see how to interface gamepad controllers to provide an unparalleled immersive experience. The book will take you through the advanced, creative, and engaging functions of Greenfoot while teaching object-orientated Java.
Mastering JavaScript High Performance;Web Development;35.99;208;https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/mastering-javascript-high-performance%0A;Studying JavaScript performance in depth will make you capable of tackling the complex and important tasks required to solve performance issues. In this book, you'll learn when and why to use an IDE over a common text editor. Packed with examples, you'll also learn how to create a build system to test and deploy your JavaScript project by optimizing the code. Next, you will move on to learn about DOM optimization, JavaScript promises, and web workers to better break up your large codebase. You will also learn about JavaScript performance on mobile platforms such as iOS and Android and how to deploy your JavaScript project to a device. Finally, by the end of the book, you'll be able to pinpoint JavaScript performance problems using appropriate tools, provide optimization techniques, and provide tools to develop fast applications with JavaScript.
CSS Development with CSS3 [Video];Web Development;85;4 hours 45 minutes;https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/css-development-css3-video%0A;Anyone who has worked in web development for more than five minutes can tell you: the difference between an outstanding site and a terrible site is the quality of the CSS. With our CSS Tutorial for Beginners course, you can learn to make high-quality, graphically amazing and thoroughly impressive web sites. All it takes is a little creativity and a strong understanding of CSS design and code and your website will look exactly the way you want it to. LearnToProgram's Zachary Kingston brings you this dynamic and comprehensive CSS course. This CSS Tutorial for Beginners is perfect for both beginners who don't understand how to use CSS and experts who don't understand why they cannot get their website to look exactly the way they want it to. Watch over 4 hours of engaging video lectures, sharpen your skills with fun and creative lab exercises, and study the dozens of style sheet examples provided. With this CSS course, you will become fully competent in CSS and master of your website! Take this ultimate CSS Development Course (With CSS3!) course now and start learning CSS.
Test-Driven iOS Development with Swift 3;Application Development;31.99;216;https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/test-driven-ios-development-swift-3%0A;Test-driven development (TDD) is a proven way to find software bugs early. Writing tests before your code improves the structure and maintainability of your apps. In combination with the improved syntax of Swift 3, there is no excuse or writing bad code. This book will help you understand the process of TDD and how it impacts your apps written in Swift. Through a practical, real-world example app, you’ll start seeing how to implement TDD in context. You will begin with an overview of the TDD workflow and then deep dive into unit testing concepts and code cycles. You will also plan and structure your test driven iOS app, and write tests to drive the development of the view controllers and the helper classes. Next, you’ll learn how to write tests for network code, what CI is and how to set it up using Xcode Server. Finally, the book will guide you through the next steps to become a testing expert by discussing integration tests, Behavior Driven Development (BDD), open source testing frameworks and UI Tests introduced in Xcode 8.
Management in India: Grow from an Accidental to a successful manager in the IT & knowledge industry;Hardware & Creative;23.99;328;https://www.packtpub.com/hardware-and-creative/management-india-grow-accidental-successful-manager-it-knowledge-industry%0A;Most managers are untrained and need a foundation of management thought processes and frameworks. The market has books that are very theory heavy and generalized, and lack a certain focus. Nothing seen so far has the right context and balance of management theory and real world practical information. Written by Rahul Goyal, a top manager at an IT firm, this book is an easy-to-read map to help you navigate the journey of being a manager in the knowledge industry. It will increase your effectiveness in applying skills needed daily, like hiring, communicating, motivating and planning. Learn from examples that you can relate to, and theories explained in context.  The books starts with raising a number of questions that knowledge industry managers face everyday. Then it  gives detailed explanation of the roles and responsibilities of being a manager and maps the classic Herzberg’s ten managerial roles into today’s knowledge industry context. Next it focuses on the transition from being an individual contributor to a manager, the typical issues one faces and how to make it easier in this transition phase. The next chapter digs into what is required to be a manager and the behaviours required for being a manager in India.  We then dive into the key aspects of being a manager such as how to build a team and create team spirit, understanding the process of hiring and figuring out the adequate compensation for a new hire, managing the critical campus hiring process, and understanding what motivates a knowledge worker. Then the book covers the basic motivation theories, explained in an Indian context. The book will get into the details of performance evaluation processes and the common pitfalls of the same. You will learn how to plan for personal effectiveness and an execution plan for delivery. Finally, we look beyond the basics of managing and explore how a manager can grow. It’s easy to get lost in the daily hustleand bustle and forget the essentials that can take you past your current career level. We look through some simple dos’ and don’ts and keep growth in perspective while being a manager.
Kali Linux – Assuring Security by Penetration Testing;Networking & Servers;26.99;454;https://www.packtpub.com/networking-and-servers/kali-linux-%E2%80%93-assuring-security-penetration-testing%0A;Kali Linux is a comprehensive penetration testing platform with advanced tools to identify, detect, and exploit the vulnerabilities uncovered in the target network environment. With Kali Linux, you can apply appropriate testing methodology with defined business objectives and a scheduled test plan, resulting in a successful penetration testing project engagement. Kali Linux – Assuring Security by Penetration Testing is a fully focused, structured book providing guidance on developing practical penetration testing skills by demonstrating cutting-edge hacker tools and techniques with a coherent, step-by-step approach. This book offers you all of the essential lab preparation and testing procedures that reflect real-world attack scenarios from a business perspective, in today's digital age.
JavaScript : Moving to ES2015;Application Development;69.99;821;https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/javascript-moving-es2015%0A;JavaScript is a high-level, dynamic, untyped, lightweight, and interpreted programming language. Mastering modern JavaScript techniques and the toolchain are essential to develop web-scale applications. This Learning Path will upgrade your skills to ES2015, and you will get to introduce yourself to popular frameworks like React and Angular 2. In the first module, you will get familiar with the language constructs and how to make code easy to organize. You will gain a concrete understanding of variable scoping, loops, and best practices on using types and data structures, as well as the coding style and recommended code organization patterns in JavaScript. By the end of the module, you will understand how reactive JavaScript is going to be the new paradigm. Over the course of the next module, you will explore how design patterns can help you improve and organize your JavaScript code. You’ll get to grips with creational, structural, and behavioral patterns and get a deeper look at patterns used in functional programming, as well as model view patterns and patterns to build web applications. By the end of the module, you'll be saved of a lot of trial and error and developmental headaches, and you will be on the road to becoming a JavaScript expert. In the last leg of this course, you will shift your focus to network programming concepts as you build a real-time web application with websockets. Along the way, you’ll explore how the power of JavaScript can be increased multi-fold with high performance techniques. By the end of this module, you’ll be a skilled JavaScript developer with a solid knowledge of the latest JavaScript techniques, tools, and architecture to build modern web apps. This Learning Path combines some of the best that Packt has to offer in one complete, curated package. It includes content from the following Packt products:  by Ved Antani , Second Edition by Simon Timms  by Narayan Prusty
OpenCV for Secret Agents;Application Development;26.99;302;https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/opencv-secret-agents%0A;OpenCV is a grand collection of image processing functions and computer vision algorithms. It is open source, it supports many programming languages and platforms, and it is fast enough for many real-time applications. What a lot of gadgets we can build with such a handy library! Taking inspiration from the world of James Bond, this book adds a spark of adventure and computer vision to your daily routine. Protect your home and car with intelligent camera systems that analyze people, cats, and obstacles. Let your search engine praise or criticize the images that it finds. Hear a voice from your phone that responds to your body language. Attune yourself to another person's rhythm by glancing at a display that magnifies a heartbeat or a breath. Learn OpenCV and see your world as never before.
Responsive Web Design: Advancing your Design to the Modern Web [Video];Web Development;63.75;2 hours and 31 minutes;https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/responsive-web-design-advancing-your-design-modern-web-video%0A;The modern web puts the user at the center of all activities. With 100s of different devices out there, web designers must up their game and develop sites that work for TV, mobile, and print, and large as well as small screens. The modern web is based on responsive websites that adapt to the user and their needs. Today websites reach far and wide from computers, TVs, printers, and e-books to mobile devices. The old way of building websites doesn't work anymore and we need to move to a responsive web design strategy to keep up with the changing world. This video course walks you through all the steps involved in building responsive designs with ease and will upgrade your skills as a web designer. We will start off with the basics of media queries, which are the key to responsive design, and creating custom layouts based on output type. You’ll get a deeper understanding of responsive design, how to plan for it, and how to work with various media query expressions and features. You’ll learn how to design for multiple devices and resolutions, and optimize for media types including print, screen, mobile, desktop, and more. In addition, you will also become familiar with central responsive frameworks, such as Bootstrap, and will become able to tackle responsive design challenges using effective design strategies. Finally, we will look at the future of web design and discuss CSS4 media queries, which were still in the planning stages when this course was being developed. These are not supported yet by browsers, but will give us a glimpse of what lies ahead to help us understand the possible future for media queries. This video course is the ultimate guide to responsive web design that will give you all the knowledge and skills needed to create fully responsive designs for the modern web! This video course conveys the design concepts used to quickly and effectively build responsive websites through practical and easy-to-understand examples.
Python Game Programming By Example;Game Development;31.99;230;https://www.packtpub.com/game-development/python-game-programming-example%0A;With a growing interest in learning to program, game development is an appealing topic for getting started with coding. From geometry to basic Artificial Intelligence algorithms, there are plenty of concepts that can be applied in almost every game. Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. It provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale. It is the third most popular language whose grammatical syntax is not predominantly based on C. Python is also very easy to code and is also highly flexible, which is exactly what is required for game development. The user-friendliness of this language allows beginners to code games without too much effort or training. Python also works with very little code and in most cases uses the “use cases” approach, reserving lengthy explicit coding for outliers and exceptions, making game development an achievable feat. Python Game Programming by Example enables readers to develop cool and popular games in Python without having in-depth programming knowledge of Python. The book includes seven hands-on projects developed with several well-known Python packages, as well as a comprehensive explanation about the theory and design of each game. It will teach readers about the techniques of game design and coding of some popular games like Pong and tower defense. Thereafter, it will allow readers to add levels of complexities to make the games more fun and realistic using 3D. At the end of the book, you will have added several GUI libraries like Chimpunk2D, cocos2d, and Tkinter in your tool belt, as well as a handful of recipes and algorithms for developing games with Python.
Android NDK: Beginner's Guide - Second Edition;Application Development;39.99;494;https://www.packtpub.com/application-development/android-ndk-beginners-guide-second-edition%0A;Android NDK is all about injecting high-performance and portable code into your mobile apps by exploiting the maximum speed of the device they run on. This book will show you how to create C/C++-enabled mobile applications and integrate them with Java. The books starts with teaching you how to access native API and port libraries used in some of the most successful Android applications. Next, you will move on to create a real native application project through the complete implementation of a native API and porting existing third-party libraries. Moving forward, you will learn how to access the keyboard and input peripherals and read accelerometer or orientation sensors. Finally, you will dive into more advanced topics such as RenderScript.
Learning Raspberry Pi;Hardware & Creative;35.99;258;https://www.packtpub.com/hardware-and-creative/learning-raspberry-pi%0A;Raspberry Pi is one of the most popular development boards and a staple tool among developers because of its low cost and flexibility. Learning Raspberry Pi is a practical tutorial, providing you with the skills required to design and build your own projects. By working through the examples and projects in the book, you will build up your knowledge of software and hardware development and be able to create projects of your own. This book contains a set of tutorials and examples for commonly used technologies, accompanied by practical projects that bring the topics together. Each individual project that you become involved with allows you to develop an important set of skills, building up your confidence to tackle more advanced applications of your own.
Arduino Development Cookbook;Hardware & Creative;35.99;246;https://www.packtpub.com/hardware-and-creative/arduino-development-cookbook%0A;The single-chip computer board Arduino is small in size but vast in scope, capable of being used for electronic projects from robotics through to home automation. The most popular embedded platform in the world, Arduino users range from school children to industry experts, all incorporating it into their designs. Arduino Development Cookbook comprises clear and step-by-step recipes that give you the toolbox of techniques to construct any Arduino project, from the simple to the advanced. Each chapter gives you more essential building blocks for Arduino development, from learning about programming buttons through to operating motors, managing sensors, and controlling displays. Throughout, you'll find tips and tricks to help you troubleshoot your development problems and push your Arduino project to the next level!
